
I propose the following social-choice procedure for selecting candidates or mechanisms as close to ideal.

It would be useful to have decentralized, collaborative, and inclusive law making, much like what is done with VTaiwan. 
https://info.vtaiwan.tw/

I propose that we allow many people to fork and branch proposals for law, software forks, policies within communities or companies, 
or anywhere else group decision-making takes place. Then to run elections to select one of the proposed forks.

Mechanism definition: A process, law, source code, or other data

I propose the following method of selection for a mechanism change, or candidate:

    For mechanisms, set an agenda for mechamisms to add, update, or modify during a given time period by allowing
    each voter to vote on mechanisms they would prefer to add, update, or modify. Agenda voting would use approval
    voting, where the top mechanisms selected in approval voting that fit into the agenda are set into the agenda. 
    Then for each mechanism or candidate on the agenda, do the following:

    1. Set a time period for any member to register to run for election (either a candidate or mechanism change) 
    
    2. For mechanism changes, allow time for collaboration, debate, proposals, and refinement of mechanisms.
    
    3. For mechanisms, freeze all proposals to allow time for voters to analyze, debate, and decide their votes.
       For candidates, set a time period for debate and campaigning.
       
    4. Begin the primaries by polling voters using approval or range voting. The top 5 candidates selected will 
       move on to the finals.
       
    5. Begin the final election using Multi-Lottery Borda or other variation on the remaining 5 candidates.
       This is done by using ranked-choice voting, then selecting the top 2 winners using a variation of multi-lottery. 
       Then use plurality for the remaining 2 candidates using those same cast ballots.
       
    Approval voting followed by multi-lottery is done, because having more than 5 candidates for multi-lottery is dangerous 
    since poor results of final selection has a high risk. Multi-lottery is done in order to avoid the worst of the 
    Gibbard-Satterthwaite theorem, and of Arrow's Theorem. The Random ballot overcomes both of the limitations of those theorems,
    but at the great cost of a random dictator, whereas multi-lottery makes a good compromise.
